they're running out of places to
run I'm not scared we want to
live we want to live where will they
take us with bombing in the South and
bombing in the north all these people
can do is try to find a semblance of
safety somehow somewhere but nowhere is
really safe in Gaza for some this is the
fourth time they fled since the start of
the
war what's the world waiting for to
witness more massacres to see more
people torn into pieces they must find a
solution violence begets violence
Israeli forces have told them to go to
Rafa but the south is running out of
space hundreds of thousands of people
have already fled there most
Palestinians living in Gaza have been
forced out of their homes shelters are
overcrowded and many sleep on the stre
streets provide the means Grant the
people tents and designate actual safe
areas a safe area should be equipped
with all the Necessities there aren't
any safe areas in Gaza am I supposed to
sleep on the street with my children in
the rain in this designated safe
area but the attempts to escape May well
prove futile as areas that the Israeli
Army designated as safe also come under
attack camil nelc Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz